on this episode of five minutes to burn
we are going to feature kingdom rush
produced by armor games com armor games
continues to reinvent the way games are
made time and time again the kingdom
rush one of the biggest changes that
classic tower defense model is the
addition of barracks barracks are a way
to stop or slow incoming enemies so your
towers to destroy them as you complete
each level you are awarded stars based
on your performance use the Stars to
upgrade your towers and upgrade your
special attacks your special attacks are
to use reinforcements and or a meteor
strike these special attacks are crucial
to upgrade first as you upgrade your
reinforcements they become more powerful
and to eventually have a range attack
which is very effective against flying
enemies your meteor strike ends up
devastating a plan with meteors which
keep the ground of my burning to hit
enemies that walk over each type of
tower like any other tower defense game
has a specific use and is most effective
against certain units and Kingdom rush
you can upgrade your towers then
specialized them in two different
classes one of the best classes is the
arcane magic tower simply because it has
the ability to teleport enemies
backwards in the map the game itself has
a pretty entertaining story with a funny
last boss there have been some recent
updates that added a few new levels with
new enemies in some of the levels you
can interact with the environment you
can summon elven archers and even
release the yeti front is frozen to it's
little Easter eggs like these that have
you re playing old levels once the level
is completed two more game modes are
unlocked to earn extra stars I would
recommend upgrading your towers before
triangles the game does provide a to
power level cap for earlier levels that
way you don't just come back to the
beginning levels and bust out your level
four towers one downside and it is a
huge one is the lack of music and the
shitty voiceovers I understand the
feeling they were going forward and
reported these but I mean
come on have a little variety other than
do battle it's really really really bad
other than that kingdom rush is
definitely worth your five minutes next
up on five minutes to burn you're going
to feature a really fun awesome